The Roadmap
-----------

This is a list of the changes that I would like to have made in the upcoming
versions, as of 2012-05-06. Unfortunately I can't give a good timeframe:

1. Further modularization. This is to support enhancing the test suite by
having clear boundaries between components and better-defined requirements for
integration of those components.

1a. Specifically, move git-related code to GitUpdate.

2. Make the changes necessary to build Qt 5.

3. Better documentation. Even if this means having a Markdown-to-DocBook
converter, it would be much nicer to have documentation that was at least
semi-consistent with the current state of building KDE software.

4. Reduced duplication. Remove support for "built-in" modules entirely, instead
fallback to a kdesrc-buildrc hosted on KDE's git infrastructure if the user
doesn't define one. The kdesrc-buildrc-setup should be able to use this
fallback kdesrc-buildrc as well when offering options.

5. Generate `.xsession`/`.bashrc`/`.bash_profile` entries. i.e. make it
possible for the environment variables needed to _run_ the installed KDE
software be automatically setup by kdesrc-build, either by generating the
appropriate rc files or by using kdesrc-build as a trampoline (e.g.
kdesrc-build --launch startkde)

6. Test suite. Should be self-explanatory but the test suite can be far better
than it is now. Probably should go Perl-style and split the large
kdesrc-build-test.pl into a t/*.pl containing unit tests and whatever
integration tests can be cooked up.  But then again, it's not like we're
launching astronauts into space, so don't go overboard.

7. A distro-specific "auto packager" script. I.e. some way to say "install the
base dependencies that are expected to be provided by the system" and have it
kept up-to-date by volunteers using each distro (not that I'd hold my breath,
but it has to be better than what we have now)

8. Improved output. The current output, even in --verbose, is very noisy.
Instead a "dashboard" approach would be better (for ncurses). It would be nice
to support GUI output if a GUI is available but it should remain optional to
support headless installs.

9. "Network install". Right now kdesrc-build is a single-script install that
tries to rely only on Perl 5.10 core modules + LWP. Instead the single script
should be a shell that downloads Perl modules of kdesrc-build as needed from
anongit.  We would need to investigate how to ensure this is cryptographically
safe for users, or if this is already assured by the git SCM.

10. Continue porting code to standard Perl modules. Probably the biggest
"problem child" to go next would be the process_arguments subroutine which
really needs to be handled by a Getopt-alike.

11. System reporting tool for reporting bugs. Possibly even using XML-RPC to
post bug to bugs.kde.org automatically (or at least launch the wizard right).

12. Use CPAN. Although I've been trying to keep kdesrc-build a kind of
hyper-documented Perl, this hasn't helped a great deal with code contribution.
It would be nice to be able to use some CPAN modules but I don't want to
require they be installed beforehand. Having a way to download from CPAN
automatically and save to the kdesrc-build working directories would solve this
but again would need to look into how to mark whether a given CPAN module has
been tested by the KDE developers...
